Tell me about Schnipsen.
That was here.
Yeah, that was in the house here.
In the house here with a field up the road.
I just had this very strong urge that all the Sunday school children,
if they didn't go to synagogue, and most of them didn't,
certainly not on the Saturday morning when I took my two,
and although they were a group in the Cheder,
once everybody spread eagles all over the place,
the Jewish identity would have been somehow lost.
So I decided that I would create a sort of a,
I think it was just once a week in the middle of the week
where parents had to bring, or not had to,
but would willingly bring their children here.
And we would have a theme every, and I'd have people to help me.
And someone from the older community would always provide
some kind of delicious cakes and things, and it was lovely.
And this was, do you know what, summer holidays?
Summer holidays, yeah.
So how many children would come here to your house?
You know, a house full?
Yeah, it was a house full.
We had a dining room there, which is now,
but we used to have the long dining table,
and we used to work on the dining table
to do whatever projects was in hand.
I used to have two dogs, and yeah, it was...
Are the dogs the ones that got the rosettes that are in your window?
Yes, some of them.
Right.
One of them black, I don't know about blackie.